have you ever wondered where your tax
dollars go in today's video I'm going to
break it all down for you you're going
to see it right in front of your very
eyes but let me warn you you might want
to be seated because it ain't pretty you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you I am going to show you
today where your tax dollars go it's um
unfortunate the way that it is but this
breakdown is essential to understand
because a lot of people
they say a few blanket statements
including if we don't pay our taxes what
about the roads who's going to build the
roads I'm going to show you that here
today it's going to be shocking for some
people and what about taxation in
general can't we fix it by simply
increasing taxes on a certain groups of
people well there's a problem with that
I'll show you you can see right here tax
the rich it's something that I've heard
many times
before but it's not so simple you see
what we have right now Canada US other
places the talk of an increase in
capital gains they want this because
people who are making money the
government wants a bigger cut so in the
case here the idea Inda uh for the
current Administration in the United
States is that it would be uh
44. 6% capital gains tax rate that's the
highest capital gains tax since its
Creation in
so it's moving higher and in the case of
Canada you could see the changes that
they made so basically the capital gains
inclusion rate so just think of this
like
you know previously if you were going to
uh have to pay your capital gains it
would only be on 50% right like you made
a million dollars you would only have to
pay the capital gains on the
50% and what happened now is it's
actually 2/3 instead of a half it's 2/3
66.67 okay there's more fine print to
that but anyway the idea is they're
increasing now this affects a lot of
people it affects people more than what
we're being told we've been told that
this in the case of Canada this only
impacts
0.13% of Canadians and so everybody
should be able to get on board with this
right but of course that was a lie you
see we need to look at it a little bit
deeper let me just quickly explain the
fact that if you are suddenly in a
circumstance where you have this
property Maybe your spouse passes away
now you've got this property you sell
this property maybe it was a cottage you
can't take care of the cottage you don't
know how to do that well you you sold it
and now you got to pay a ridiculous sum
you don't know how to take care of this
thing you you just wanted to sell it and
now you've got to pay this thing maybe
it was passed down from generation to
generation that thing was initially
bought for
10,000 and now the the is worth because
of all this inflation 2 million you're
paying an unbelievable am amount of tax
are you a rich person no but you're
going to get taxed tax the
rich not exactly so it's a lot what I'm
trying to say is it's a lot more gray
area than we've been
told let's break it down where does one
US tax dollar
go out of that $1 of course extrapolate
this right but out of that $1 22 cents
Social Security 14 cents to Medicare 14
cents to Health 13 cents to National
Defense 13 cents to major programs
including food assistance and disability
insurance 11 cents to net interest 5
cents to veterans benefits and services
at this point we have had basically no
productivity
okay this is not our roads not our
bridges not our infrastructure do you
see what I'm saying here two cents to
Transportation two two cents to
Commerce okay
now let's let's even just say that these
numbers were accurate this is bad enough
as it is where the money gets spent but
I'm going to explain why it's actually
much much worse you're seeing 2 cents on
that Transportation right you're seeing
13 cents on the National Defense hang
with me for a minute I'll explain why
this is much much
worse and by the way Finance Friday we
already talked about this I want you to
see this I got a little bit more depth
okay shout outs to the Friday shout outs
to the finance Friday crew this is total
global Military expenditure reaching I
mean it's $2.4 trillion
okay $2.4
trillion globally being spent on
something so
nonsensical that's even that's not even
the right word to use so terrible as
military
spending here it is in chart form you
see where the money is going
to
okay you can see through the Festivus
report which is kind of funny um Rand
Paul does this but let me show you
something
okay he broke it down right in here um
there's a lot a lot um trillions upon
trillions but it it's broken down Barbie
doll photo used to get the PPP funds you
remember
that yeah Barbie dolls were being
used so of course that's fraud and
that's a different story
but not all of the money goes to where
it's needed you see what I'm saying here
okay we want to spend a billion do to
help people in poverty okay how much of
that billion dollars actually goes to
people that are in poverty maybe maybe
you know homeless people okay we're
going to spend a billion dollars we're
going to fix homelessness in San
Francisco well how much of the billion
goes to the actual people
and the answer is a lot a lot less you
see when we're talking about this 2
cents for transportation as an
example that's 2% to the transportation
department but think about all the
meetings think about all of the bloat
all of the red tape all of the the the
ma management levels of management then
you've got workers then you've got all
of the the benefits they have the all of
the different things that are involved
in a worker all of these things one by
one by and you just going down the list
down the list down the list until you
make it to the point where there's
actually a guy actually there digging or
some Machinery digging making that road
actually happen it is a fraction of that
cents so it's not even what we're told
you got to understand there's so much
bureaucracy in each one of those
categories that out of your dollar in
every case in every case it is only a
fraction such a small fraction of it
being used
productively that my friends is why
nothing ever gets
done you can't tax people in order to
resolve the crisis that we have this is
what a lot of the YouTube ERS that will
say End the Fed but they actually love
the FED that these people don't
understand the the system is designed
this way born out of debt the debt keeps
growing you can't put a new person at
the you know as the leader in charge in
order to resolve it it's the system you
created a central bank that has totally
toppled any you know potential
way to reverse it you can't do that now
it's gone it's over this monetary system
is in the hands of the Federal
Reserve of course there's much above
that but at on the surface level they
are the ones controlling it says on you
look at your US dollar what does it say
it says Federal Reserve Note it doesn't
say US dollar it's not backed by
anything as well so they decide it they
do decide it you think the treasury is
deciding that
come on so understand this you're
looking at the taxation they could tax
every not just the billionaires not just
the billionaires they could tax every
single person in the United States uh
let's just say for
2024 they could tax
everybody
100% of their income everybody from
Bezos all the way down and it would not
even pay all the bills
so how would you ever do it how could
you ever get out of it oh we can we can
grow out of it are we talking about
massive wage inflation so now everybody
goes into a higher tax bracket suddenly
is that what you want higher levels
higher wages higher tax bracket higher
capital gains levels higher higher
higher higher higher suddenly
nobody is truly what used to be called
middle class
anymore and yet they're being taxed like
they're wealthy there is a very big
problem not being understood but of
course until we look at it at this depth
we're not going to see that so you can
understand what I'm trying to say here
of course let's talk about it in the
comments below a lot of people love
taxation not because it makes things you
know you know builds the roads or
whatever they want to use the
government's strength to exact
punishment on certain people they say
that guy down the road he got a Ferrari
he's a bad guy okay I don't know what's
going on in that circumstance okay I
really don't and I don't care about that
guy with the Ferrari I really don't what
I care about is that my tax dollars go
to help me my family my my neighborhood
that's what I care about most but
unfortunately the money is
squandered the corruption is rampant and
the situation with the vast majority of
people is declining and we need to
resolve this it is a matter of
fact what we can do is number one help
us help ourselves out we could become
more
self-sufficient in doing so we ease the
burden on everybody else we have to do
our part we have to be able to prepare
because let's be honest the rest of the
people they're not okay I've got
playlists information tons and tons of
free stuff I've also got my free
financial education course on my website
no email no paywall no nothing the money
gps.com you click on Compass it's there
and if you want my live classes where we
go into depth on the Sunday class I help
people get their business going so that
we can actually potentially not just
grow out of this mess but have the
ability to get up and go if you
appreciate this information hit that
Thumbs Up Button there's a link at the
top of the description for more info and
I'll see you tomorrow take care